Syllabus

Module 1 - Introduction to Machine Learning

What is Machine Learning?


Module 2 - Regression

Linear Regression
Non-Linear Regression


Module 3 - Classification

K-Nearest Neighbours
Decision Trees
Logistic Regression
Support Vector Machine


Module 4 - Clustering

k-Means Clustering
Hierarchical Clustering
Density-based Clustering


Module 5 - Recommender Systems

Content-based Recommendation Engines


Final Assignment


LEARNING OBJECTIVES

In this course, you will:

Explore examples of Machine Learning and the libraries and languages used to create them.
Apply the appropriate form of regression to a data set for estimation.
Apply an appropriate classification method for a particular Machine Learning challenge.
Use the correct clustering algorithms on different data sets.
Explain how recommendation systems work, and implement one on a data set.
Demonstrate your understanding of Machine Learning in an assessed project.


Course Work ::

This course dives into the basics of Machine Learning using an approachable, and well-known programming language, Python.  We will be reviewing two main components:

the purpose of Machine Learning and where it applies to the real world. 
a general overview of Machine Learning topics, such as supervised vs unsupervised learning,  model evaluation, and Machine Learning algorithms. 
In this course, you will practice with real-life examples of Machine Learning and see how it affects society in ways you may not have guessed!

By just putting in a few hours a week for the next several weeks, you'll gain:

new skills to add to your resume, such as Regression, Classification, Clustering, Sci-kit Learn and SciPy 
new projects that you can add to your portfolio, including cancer detection, predicting economic trends, predicting customer churn, recommendation engines, and many more.
a certificate in machine learning to prove your competency, and share it anywhere you like online or offline, such as LinkedIn profiles and social media.